# RetailXer-Remotework-Analytics-Project
A Predictive and prescriptive Data Analytics project to query The RetailXer Remotework  Database by using Power BI, Power Query Editor and Advance Excel.

The RetailXer-Remotework-Analytics-Project was a project to analyze an opinion poll collated from about a five thousand responders who were workers working in the corporate world. Among other things, the opinion poll set out to determine what workers think of remote work viz-a-viz on-site work. Among other things, this project set out to find answers to the following questions: How the COVID pandemic impacted the amount of work done remotely? What can be expected post-pandemic? Does working remotely positively impact productivity? Are there any other benefits? How does an employee use of time differ when working remotely vs on-site? What are the biggest barriers to overcome if remote work becomes the norm in the future? After undertaking all 5 steps of ETL process to analyze this dataset, I got answers that further opened my eyes to the effect of remote working against my initial believe. I made sure to take care of biases like confirmation bias, selection bias, interpretation bias or predictive bias. I was aware of my personal assumptions or biases at the outset of the project and made sure they were out of the way while doing the project. I made sure all conclusions and recommendations were made purely from the standpoint of data. However, it is worth stating that one common issue with analyzing opinion polls is the authenticity of the answers given by the respondents. That is one big issue that makes or mars the confidence level of an analysis done of dataset derived from opinion polls.
